domain/Game.java
 domain.Game
objectprotocol/ResponseError.java
 objectprotocol.ResponseError
interfaces/IAccountRepository.java
 interfaces.IAccountRepository
objectprotocol/Response.java
 objectprotocol.Response
objectprotocol/NewReservationMadeUpdateResponse.java
 objectprotocol.NewReservationMadeUpdateResponse
interfaces/IGameRepository.java
 interfaces.IGameRepository
objectprotocol/NewReservationSeatsNotAvailable.java
 objectprotocol.NewReservationSeatsNotAvailable
objectprotocol/NewReservationRequest.java
 objectprotocol.NewReservationRequest
objectprotocol/ResponseOK.java
 objectprotocol.ResponseOK
domain/Ticket.java
 domain.Ticket
objectprotocol/LoginRequest.java
 objectprotocol.LoginRequest
interfaces/IRepository.java
 interfaces.IRepository
observer/IObservable.java
 observer.IObservable
observer/IObserver.java
 observer.IObserver
objectprotocol/CloseRequest.java
 objectprotocol.CloseRequest
objectprotocol/GetAllGamesResponse.java
 objectprotocol.GetAllGamesResponse
domain/Account.java
 domain.Account
objectprotocol/proxy/ServiceProxyInClient.java
 objectprotocol.proxy.ServiceProxyInClient
 objectprotocol.proxy.ServiceProxyInClient$ReaderThread
objectprotocol/Request.java
 objectprotocol.Request
objectprotocol/LoginResponse.java
 objectprotocol.LoginResponse
objectprotocol/GetAllGamesRequest.java
 objectprotocol.GetAllGamesRequest
service/IService.java
 service.IService
domain/Entity.java
 domain.Entity
objectprotocol/UpdateResponse.java
 objectprotocol.UpdateResponse
interfaces/ITicketRepository.java
 interfaces.ITicketRepository
service/ServiceException.java
 service.ServiceException
objectprotocol/proxy/ClientObjectWorker.java
 objectprotocol.proxy.ClientObjectWorker
